Update Audit Checklist (#53)
icon-project/icon-project.github.io: docs/audit_checklist.md

def ICXTransfer(self, _from: Address, _to: Address, _value: int):
```

## Big Number Operation

> The maximum result of a numeric operation must be less than (2<sup>256</sup> - 1). If the result is bigger than (2<sup>256</sup> - 1), the python interpreter can not perform the operation. To avoid errors, you must ensure that input parameters can cause errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum result of a numeric operation must be less than (2<sup>256</sup> - 1). If the result is bigger than (2<sup>256</sup> - 1), the python interpreter can not perform the operation. To avoid errors, you must understand that input parameters may cause errors, and validate if the number is within the range.
```

```python
# Bad (on_install params - decimal value is 1_000_000_000_000_000_000)
{
	"contentType": "application/zip",
	"params": {

> 		"initialSupply": "0x2540BE400",

Reviewer 2: It should be lowercase hexadecimal string prefixed with '0x'.
```suggestion
		"initialSupply": "0x2540be400",
```

> 		"decimals": "DE0B6B3A7640000"

Reviewer 2: It should be lowercase hexadecimal string prefixed with '0x'.
```suggestion
		"decimals": "0xde0b6b3a7640000"
```

	}
}

# Good (on_install params decimal value is 18)
{
	"contentType": "application/zip",
	"params": {

> 		"initialSupply": "0x2540BE400",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"initialSupply": "0x2540be400",
```

		"decimals": "0x12"
	}
}

def on_install(self, initialSupply: int, decimals: int) -> None:
    super().on_install()

    total_supply = initialSupply * 10 ** decimals
    Logger.debug(f'on_install: total_supply={total_supply}', TAG)

    self._total_supply.set(total_supply)
    self._decimals.set(decimals)
    self._balances[self.msg.sender] = total_supply
```

```python
# Bad
@external
def big_number_op(self, _value: int) -> None:
    self._result = 10 ** _value

# Good
@external
def big_number_op(self, _value: int) -> None:
    # check if _value causes the big number operation error
    if _value > 77:
        self.revert("_value is too big to operate")
    self._result = 10 ** _value
```

## Instance Variable

> On each node, the SCORE instance can be loaded/unloaded at any time. Therefore, if you use instance variables that are not stored in StateDB in several functions, you may see different results for each node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On each node, the SCORE instance can be loaded/unloaded at any time. Therefore, if you use instance variables that are not stored in StateDB, you may have different result on each node.
```

```python
# Bad
def __init__(self, db: IconScoreDatabase) -> None:
    super().__init__(db)

@external

> def update_organizer(self, _organizer:Address) -> None:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
def update_organizer(self, _organizer: Address) -> None:
```

    self._organizer = _organizer

@external
def get_organizer(self) -> Address:
    return self._organizer

# Good
def __init__(self, db: IconScoreDatabase) -> None:
    super().__init__(db)
    self._organizer = VarDB(self._ORGANIZER, db, value_type=Address)

@external

> def update_organizer(self, _organizer:Address) -> None:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
def update_organizer(self, _organizer: Address) -> None:
```

    self._organizer = _organizer

@external
def get_organizer(self) -> Address:

>     return self._organizer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return self._organizer.get()
```
